Frank Sheeran I said that right yeah you
said right under the contract management
can only fire a driver on very specific
charges so you have a showplace give any
moving violation no do you drink on the
job
no never hit anybody on a job yeah I
don't think so all right then we don't
have nothing to worry about I want you
to meet my cousin Russell Bufalino oh
yeah hey nice to meet you
it was like the army you followed orders
you did the right thing
you got rewarded a friend of ours is
having trouble friend that the cop back
then there was nobody in this country
who didn't know who Jimmy Hoffa was
you always charge a guy with a gun with
a knife you run away
so you're charged with a gun with a
knife you run are you Frank would you
like to be a part of history yes I would
big business and the government like
working together trying to pull us apart
something's gotta be done what else he
say now's not the time to not say we're
going at war with these people for
things you've got a nanny with our
friends you gotta sit down everybody
says so it's what it is
we're this I knew things they don't know
why
it's gonna happen either way he's going
[Music]
you know I don't okay whether you did it
or not that makes no difference to me
yeah I'm here to defend you right right
what do you wanna know if I did that
[Music]
you